we're gonna have a photo fitting today I
just came in it's ten o'clock the
morning I will dress ready to rock the
studio it's a really good studio will
feel the vibe I'm excited let's see
what's gonna happen
today here bathhouse videos into the
sheep with artists on belong and crazy
look they're not doing the same it is to
specifically different entities that
somehow occupy the same space at the
same time
true
Oh
I'm
in doing the shoot today it was we got
an amazing amount list on everybody here
did amazing James knock on the styling
he knocked it out jhonny gonzalez on
hair and makeup this is amazing job yeah
I mean I really kept the simple i did
like a lot of worn my setup and said
when we went to the color gel look and
we want to get you know multiple
different you want to capture crazy and
i understood who crazy loop is now
meaning it's a it's a mind state so you
have to get them into the line faith and
then you have to capture what comes it's
not asking for something too it's not
something you can control to control it
you don't have it therefore you have to
you have to wait for the opportunity you
have to wait for the
the circumstance
so decisive moment and then capture it
and we had an amazing time doing so and
Dane works extremely hard and plays even
harder but then he comes back and he
works extremely hard I give credit 9100
if anybody who does that so I'm all wet
this was the last shot was all over
we're hoping I was like I'm happy the
day was great a lot of great images you
all have fun I'm going to drive up a bit
by the mark denmark what happened to
driver he has a family gotcha as you
said media monopoly group and blonde she
is so rad you did it thank you very much
get online wwwww velvet addiction calm
get into it lights are going off we
gotta go g-shock go
I was in
Oh